### Design Decisions
The requirements to do basic credit card processing in the problem prompt is to create a credit card provider that takes new credit card accounts, processes charges and credits against the cards, and displays summary information. The credit card provider is modeled by the CreditCardProvider class in credit_card_provider.rb file. The credit cards themselves are modeled by the CreditCard class in the credit_card.rb file. Credit card provider have many credit cards and credit cards belong to one credit card provider. Credit cards can be added to the credit card provider and cards are charged and credited while the summary is generated by the credit card provider.

The solution was written mostly in the flow of creating the greater system of the credit card provider class and then the credit card class. You can see the progression of this by looking at the order of the tests in the the test.rb file.

### Why Ruby
I chose Ruby as my programming language, because I have worked with Ruby during my experiences at BuildZoom and Pledgeling, my primary software experiences, and thus most comfortable writing clean object-oriented code in Ruby.

### Tests
The tests can be run by running "ruby tests.rb". The solution can be run by running "ruby solution.rb input.txt" or "ruby solution.rb < input.txt". You must have ruby 2 installed.

### Input Assumptions
- All input will be valid -- there's no need to check for illegal characters
  or malformed commands.
- All input will be space delimited.
- Credit card numbers may vary in length up to 19 characters.
- Credit card numbers will always be numeric.
- Amounts will always be prefixed with "$" and will be in whole dollars (no
  decimals).
- A person's name will be titleized when adding a new credit card.
- A person will not have multiple cards. 
- The credit card name, number, and limit will all be provided to add a new credit card
